Add scale-ceiling note to incremental embedding updates tutorial (#2531)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/tutorials-operations/incremental-embedding-updates.md

The tutorial has an accompanying [notebook](https://github.com/qdrant/examples/blob/master/temporal-data-drift/sync_raw_data_to_embeddings.ipynb).

> 
> <aside role="alert">
> <p><strong>Scale note.</strong> This design re-reads the whole collection every run: it pulls every point's hash and diffs the full stored set against the incoming one, so per-run cost scales with corpus size, not with what changed. Around 100k chunks it stays cheap. By ~1M points each run moves hundreds of MB and hits Qdrant's 32 MB request cap (<a href="/documentation/ops-configuration/configuration/"><code>max_request_size_mb</code></a>); batching only splits the same full scan into more round trips. You scan the whole corpus to update a handful of chunks.</p>
> <p>A follow-up edition will cover a version that groups chunks into hash buckets and checks only the buckets that changed, so cost stays flat as the corpus grows.</p>
> </aside>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<aside role="alert">
<p><strong>Scale note.</strong>  This design re-reads the whole collection on every run: it pulls every point's hash and diffs the full stored set against the incoming one. Per-run cost scales with corpus size, not with what actually changed.</p>
<p>At around 100,000 points, this stays cheap. By around 1 million points, each run moves hundreds of MB and hits Qdrant's 32 MB request cap (<a href="/documentation/ops-configuration/configuration/"><code>max_request_size_mb</code></a>). Batching doesn't help — it just splits the same full scan into more round trips. The result: a full corpus scan to update a handful of chunks.</p>
<p>A follow-up post will cover a version that groups chunks into hash buckets and checks only the buckets that changed, so cost stays flat as the corpus grows.</p>
</aside>
```
